This project is a web page that features 3 recipes in an organized, professional presentation. I used command line techniques to create and organize each file and directory using best naming practices. I used several GitHub processes enough times to be proficient in them and memorize them. These were cloning a directory, and adding, commiting, and pushing files. I reviewed HTML boilerplate and created an index file with an unordered list and 3 relative links. I created 3 recipe files with titles, paragraphs, ordered and unordered lists, and working image links. I tried to link to files on my computer, but these did not show up on GitHub. I used external links to these images instead. My original repository had to be abandoned because I was not able to push to it—when I tried, the command line said the repository was being used by someone else. I could not figure out what caused it and thought it would be more time efficient to start over. I had changed the page names on GitHub and my VM’s clock had become unsynched, so these or any other reasons could have caused it. I wrote a readme reviewing and summarizing what I have done and the techniques I learned.

Edit: I looked and another repository and I saw that my internal links were not working because I hadn’t uploaded the img files to GitHub. I tried to fix this but I couldn’t push to GitHub because I had changed the readme file in GitHub and got this error:

error: failed to push some refs to 'github.com:jevanmetcalf/odin-recipes2.git' hint: Updates were rejected because the remote contains work that you do hint: not have locally. This is usually caused by another repository pushing hint: to the same ref. You may want to first integrate the remote changes hint: (e.g., 'git pull ...') before pushing again. hint: See the 'Note about fast-forwards' in 'git push --help' for details.

I tried to resolve it by googling and entering new prompts to pull it, but it didn’t work. I saw that the repository would not be used in the future, so I decided to move to the next lesson.

Edit Jan 11: I recreated the first recipe repository so I could update my pages with CSS. Earlier I had tried to force clone odin-recipes2 onto my machine, but I couldn't get it to work. I need to know how to do this to be able to push my repositories to prevent anything like this from happening again.
